What?
What are you doing here?
I moved in.
Thanks to someone, I got kicked out.
Why move here of all places?
Aejeong-dong was the cheapest.
Fresh air, killer view.
And someone I'd love to kill.
Hey. Come eat.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, move.
- What? - Move!
Nice landing.
Looking forward to it, you jerk of a neighbor.
Long time no see, Mr. Hwang.
Let me do that, Grandma.
- Come on... - Why are you eating here?
Actually, I'm anemic.
The doctor said I'm badly malnourished.
What a pity.
Oh, spare me.
Have a seat.
Her mom even made seaweed soup.
Would you like to try the soup?
It's salty as hell.
Did you scoop this out of the ocean?
No way...
- Good grief. - Water, please.
She's practically Gordon Ramsay.
No wonder you're all skin and bones.
Hey.
Eat with us from now on.
It's the least I can do for the watch.
In this economy? Two more mouths to feed?
How much do you think office workers make?
I'll pay 500,000 won a month for meals.
Teach me to cook, too.
I'll be your student.
Looks like I got a side gig.
Good for you!
- I'm not eating! - What?
Two freeloaders at once?
What's gotten into him lately?
Thanks for the meal.
- Thank you, Grandma. - Sure.
What now?
Thanks to you, I sold my car.
A decent man takes responsibility, right?
What, trying to plant a bug in my car?
What are you talking about?
I know you moved in to dig up dirt on me.
But that won't work.
Stop wasting your time and move out.
What, you own the place now?
Yeah. I bought it.
- When? - Just now.
Check with the realtor. Then pack up.
Is this some power trip? I have a lease, you know.
Sue me if you can afford it.
Two weeks. Be out by month's end.
Better run for the subway.
Darn it!
Why does it take over an hour to get here?
Good morning...
Or not.
Kang Bang Geul. You must have no sense of urgency.
You're the last one in.
That little...
I'll be more careful.
Where are you going?
I need to get to my desk.
I have returns for Materials Team.
And CS complaints from the customer center.
I also have contractor bids to collect.
I'm busy helping other teams.
That's internal work.
The Future Business Team has its own orders.
It's a brand-new team with nothing set up.
And you have orders already?
Team Leader Hwang?
This is all fake muscle.
I'm really weak.
My back's been bad lately.
No whining, everyone.
My gosh.
Go ahead!
Manage the Jungil-dong site.
Put your back into it.
It's not working.
Look at you.
You've dug before, huh?
No. My first time.
With this strength, I could bury someone, right?
Handle the Choiseong Solutions shareholders' meeting.
Set them up nicely.
And this one...
You should be careful.
I haul packages all day.
Then calls from customers come flooding in.
I get cursed out, then apologize like crazy.
Now I'm a copy machine master too.
You know what people call us?
The Executive Contingency Team.
Short for the "Ex-Con Team."
Now I feel guilty for no reason. Even sirens make my heart race.
God, why is life so hard?
I miss my wife and kids in Canada.
Aren't you tired too?
Mrs. Jo must be struggling with all these changes.
Why not go back to the States?
- I'll find you a place... - No.
I'm not tired at all.
Geez.
What now?
See?
Assist Finance.
Just thinking about that jerk fires me right up.
[Sinhyup Bank]
- How can I help you? - I need to withdraw cash.
This tint is the hottest one right now.
Shade 06, Cherry.
Buy it with that card, and you get instant cashback.
Use that debit card, and you get cashback on coffee too.
Would you like to apply?
Bang Geul won't give up.
Enough nonsense.
Make her quit.
And keep her away from Jae Gyeong.
This will only make things worse between you and her.
She hates every word that starts with "Hwang."
What about Professor Min? Any movement from him?
He resigned.
Rumor says he's joining Choiseong.
He's basically saying that he's an accomplice.
Who are you?
Use this video to pressure Jae Gyeong.
She was the last person to visit the room that day.
It doesn't prove she killed him.
It's not enough.
What else?
The CCTV went down during a security check.
The staffer got the date wrong.
[Personnel Record Card] The hospital let it slide.
Jae Gyeong must've pulled strings.
So where is he now?
Good, good.
Time to turn my life around.
He's been out sick for days.
[Personnel Record Card] He asked for big money, then went dark?
Find him fast.
- Before this blows up. - Got it.
I'm checking his home, family, and friends.
The department heads are complaining.
Aren't you pushing them too hard?
Results matter most right after taking office.
Everyone should stay sharp.
Oh, right.
Taeha contacted us.
They want the Daesan hydrogen complex settled by next week.
They want to collect their cut?
Secretary Yeo, handle that.
Don't worry about it.
Yes, ma'am.
I think Jae Gyeong is hiding the security staffer.
- We need to get to him first. - I found him.
Do you trust Hwang Jun Hyeon?
Well...
He does things just right.
Bang Geul moved in next door to me.
I think she's digging around. What should I do?
I told you to handle those two.
So handle it.
As promised, I'll send them to the States this month.
But still...
What's that old man's angle?
[Chairman Na Byeong Mo]
Tell Taeha this.
If they don't hand over the money and shares this week,
They'll never get the core hydrogen technology.
This is nuts.
[Moneybags]
Let them sweat a little more.
Secretary Yeo?
- Damn it! - Oh my.
I'm so sorry.
Are you kidding me?
- I'm sorry. - What the...
Here. Dry-cleaning and medical bills.
You think money solves everything?
And extra for a bath and all that.
Sir!
One more ramen, please. And clean this up.
- Thank you. - Sorry again.
[Birthdate] [Phone Number] 8-2-7-2...
1-0-1-2...
[Moneybags]
10 p.m.
Under Sehwa Bridge. Parking lot.
500 million won.
[Okay]
How did it go?
We'll pay what he wants.
Let's wait a bit.
What about Taeha?
It seems like they're dodging us on purpose.
Secretary Jo won't take my calls.
That can't be what Chairman Na is counting on, huh?
What's he doing here?
[Moneybags]
That bastard, Na Byeong Mo.
- Anything? - No one's here.
- Let's check his place. - Yes, sir.
The staffer vanished?
I was too late.
His place was trashed. Nothing useful.
How could she work with Chairman Na?
She knows how much you hated him.
No.
Something's off.
She'd never let Chairman Na near her weakness.
Then...
Chairman Na is blackmailing Jae Gyeong?
He figured it out.
He knows Jae Gyeong killed me.
That's why he wanted the CCTV.
If he gets it, he'll use it to deal with Choiseong.
Then isn't it better if Jae Gyeong has him?
Then she'll destroy the evidence.
We have one thing left.
Let's hope this phone has proof that she is the killer.
[Tip: The suspicious death of Chairman Kang]
Hayoung Daily got a tip.
I stopped the article from going out.
If there's a tip, someone else suspects Jae Gyeong too.
Then there's CCTV from the hospital on the day Father collapsed.
Proof that Jae Gyeong is the real killer.
What about the tipster? It's your friend's paper.
It was anonymous.
But that punk seems to be hiding something.
Hello, ma'am.
You should've called me.
You didn't have to come all the way here.
Hey.
Did you meet the CEO of Hayoung Daily?
Hayoung Daily?
Jeong Hak Hui?
I barely talk to him these days.
Don't play dumb.
I know you two are close.
Did he say anything?
About what?
Did some article come out?
Hey.
If you and Bang Geul are hiding something from me,
You'll lose this seat.
Why bring up that awful name?
Hey, answer your phone.
It sounds important.
You weren't in your office, so I came...
Later, Mr. Hwang.
Guess traitors don't get looped in.
She got a call and stormed off looking furious.
- Was it about the tip? - What tip?
I thought Jae Gyeong adored you. Guess you're out of the loop.
Then spell it out.
A newspaper got a tip that Jae Gyeong killed my dad.
The dead CCTV caught her face plain as day.
Crime has a way of catching up.
The truth always comes out.
Hayoung Daily, right?
Did Jae Seong show you the article?
What was on the CCTV?
What photo of her?
You're not asking the most important thing.
You know who the tipster is, don't you?
The tipster has proof that she killed my dad, right?
Hey.
Stop playing detective.
There's nothing you can do.
That jerk...
Jae Seong.
I think Jun Hyeon knows the tipster.
Could it be someone around us?
Look at this one. Full of roe.
Eat it whole. That's the best part.
What did you want to say?
Always in a rush.
Transfer the Daesan Hydrogen Complex core tech with no final payment.
[Hydrogen Complex Transfer Agreement]
I never agreed to this crap.
Then leave Choiseong.
- I'll kindly take you in. - Chairman Na!
Don't you raise your voice. You killed your own father.
Run a Taeha Energy ad in Hayoung Daily.
CEO Jeong did good work.
Yes, sir.
So it was you?
You framed me?
"Framed you?" It's the truth.
I should never have dealt with trash like you.
At first, we planned to use Professor Min's sleeping pills.
But Father opened his eyes, so she smothered him with a pillow.
Did he say I ordered him to do it?
Or did he say he only pretended to?
Your husband is an accomplice too.
Let's see whose crime is worse.
That recording proves nothing.
You think people will buy that?
You cremated your father, won over the board, and took the chairman's seat.
Even your family suspects you.
- Who would believe you? - Don't twist this.
My father was alive when I left!
Who are you?
You sure are hard to kill.
It wasn't me.
I didn't kill him!
Wait.
Did you kill my father?
You never cared whether he died or someone killed him.
Now you're curious?
Kang Yong Ho died at the hands of his daughter.
I'll make sure of that.
What are you, God?
How will you hide the truth?
Yeah, you can't hide it.
So you erase it.
He contacted you too, right?
Said he'd tell you the truth if you paid enough.
He got too greedy.
[Kang Jae Gyeong]
Yes, ma'am.
Where are you?
[The Late Kang Yong Ho]
Are you hiding something from me?
I read the tip Secretary Yeo sent.
Did you... really kill him?
Don't get cocky.
Did you kill your own father?
I said shut up!
If this is your weakness, we need to prepare.
Answer me.
Na Byeong Mo did it.
He's trying to frame me.
He got me good.
Chairman Na killed him?
Are you sure?
So now the whole world suspects me.
Why would I kill Father?
He was dying anyway.
Choiseong was already mine. Why would I?
So you had nothing to do with it?
Nothing.
Not a thing.
Then call for a police investigation.
No.
If this blows up, I'll be the one cornered.
Once we find proof that Chairman Na is the real killer...
The tables will turn.
I'll pay him back for today's humiliation.
I'll save Choiseong and get revenge.
Then Father can rest in peace.
Is that what he'd want?
Then what does he want?
He should've died quietly.
That selfish old man.
I'm settling his grudge.
What's wrong with that?
Should I find it for you?
Proof that Chairman Na killed your father.
The hospital CCTV is gone.
The witness is dead.
Then we make some.
I told you.
I'm with you to the end.
Tell me everything that happened with Chairman Na.
- You're here. - Yeah.
- This way, please. - Okay.
Why is he here?
This office gets great sun.
You should finish the Daesan Hydrogen Complex deal.
Please settle the 100 billion balance as agreed.
I'm asking you.
Maybe I should've played the recording in the meeting.
A lot of people there miss Kang Yong Ho.
I'm kidding.
But getting here wasn't easy for me either.
I lost a lot too.
So cover my losses.
You have money tucked away, huh?
What was it called? Siren?
Since I'm here, I'll look around Choiseong.
Don't mind me.
Get back to work.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong]
I thought it'd be good for you all to meet.
Taeha and Choiseong will be doing more together.
Let's be clear.
I'm here to help.
Sitting in that chair isn't everything.
Choiseong has no elder now.
CEO Hyun.
I hear Choiseong Distribution's logistics system is top-notch.
Taeha wants to grow that side too.
We could do better together.
Have you discussed this with Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong?
You can discuss it over dinner.
Taeha will host you today.
Chairman Na and his daughter had lunch with the CEOs.
Even Na Eun Se is enjoying herself now.
If I push them, they might leak the CCTV footage.
Don't let it rattle you.
You need leverage to fight back.
What?
Chairman Na won't show his hand yet.
So hang in there.
Better than losing your seat.
Hwang Jun Hyeon!
If you hand over the core tech for free, will the shareholders stay quiet?
How will the staff see you if your first deal makes you look weak?
This directly affects your leadership.
Don't lecture me. Give me a plan.
What do you want to do?
Chairman Na threatened you with a rumor and stole the hydrogen tech without paying.
That's enough to throw one jab.
How will you move that vicious man?
You have me.
The icon of betrayal.
You think Chairman Na will trust you?
He'll either trust me or kill me.
One or the other.
Either way, you lose nothing.
Secretary Yeo.
From now on, follow Mr. Hwang's orders.
Give him whatever he needs.
I'm betting everything on you, Mr. Hwang.
Chairman Na Byeong Mo?
This is Hwang Jun Hyeon from Choiseong's Future Business Team.
Jae Gyeong isn't the type to bow to him.
Chairman Na didn't even pay the hydrogen balance.
It's weird, right? She never caves like this.
But the tipster is even weirder.
You found out?
Who is it?
That punk wouldn't talk at first. Said he'd rather die.
But two bottles of whiskey later...
He's a lightweight.
Me? I never get drunk. Just like Father.
Anyway, who's the tipster?
It was someone around us.
Na Byeong Mo.
What?
Chairman Na?
That vicious man offered ads worth hundreds of millions
And told them not to run the article.
He said to just send it to Jae Gyeong.
So Jae Gyeong is being blackmailed by Chairman Na.
Chairman Na likes bonsai, right?
This is our bonsai expert. It wasn't easy getting her here.
Chairman Na will be furious if he finds out.
For your trouble.
He won't be back anytime soon. Don't worry.
Hard drives. External drives. USBs.
- Find it all. - Got it.
Hospital CCTV, the Jae Gyeong and Chairman Na connection...
I'll find something.
Professor Min.
Mrs. Jo?
I hear you're barely home lately.
Il Jun called me.
He said he wanted this.
Please don't do this again.
Or don't take his calls.
That's too cruel.
Please go. I'll give it to him.
You did everything you could to save Chairman Kang.
I know you meant it.
I just want the truth about how he died.
For Il Jun's sake, don't do anything you'll regret.
You're a father too.
Then I'll be punished.
He quit the hospital.
Why would he need that?
There's no golf course around there.
Kang Jae Gyeong, that crazy...
[Supplemental Agreement on Strategic Investment]
What the... She sold that precious hydrogen deal for this?
Let's take it.
You're done, Jae Gyeong.
He is almost here!
One minute!
Sorry I'm late.
Welcome, Mr. Hwang.
Come inside.
That traitor bastard...
What is he up to now?
You must've lost my card, so I came myself.
So you meant it about making me your third master.
The side I backed is going down.
The rumor is everywhere.
Jae Gyeong killed her father.
The company is noisier now than when he died.
We don't know the truth yet.
Truth or not, no one follows a fallen general.
Switching sides at the right time is a skill.
And you seem to have real leverage over Jae Gyeong.
Mr. Hwang.
Do I look that easy to fool?
Jae Gyeong said you killed Chairman Kang and framed her.
She had no proof, so she asked for my help.
Not that I believe her.
Why would I?
Do you know what it took to get here?
She has to pay for what she did to me.
Your hit-and-run... That was her?
She even sold out Chairman Kang.
Why would I help Jae Gyeong?
She ruined a bright young man's life.
As an elder, I can't ignore that.
Let him go first.
Let's talk about how you'll get revenge.
Shall we?
I'll hand over the hydrogen tech first.
There's plenty more to take from Jae Gyeong.
I'm impressed.
Good judgment. Fast moves.
No wonder everyone asks for you.
I'm flattered.
Careful.
Thank you.
Did you hurt your ankle?
The pain is almost gone.
But stairs still get me.
Was Jae Gyeong really the only one who went to the room that day?
Yes.
She left the room, and soon after, Chairman Kang collapsed.
Nothing unusual?
Think carefully.
Unusual? Well...
The stairs.
"The stairs?"
It was odd.
The elevator wasn't broken, but she took the emergency stairs.
[Do Not Enter]
[Stairwell]
She took the stairs on purpose.
She couldn't run into Jae Gyeong.
What?
There was someone else that day.
You don't think you got here on your own, do you?
Na Byeong Mo did it.
He's trying to frame me.
The rumor is everywhere.
Jae Gyeong killed her father.
We don't know the truth yet.
Same build as Jae Gyeong.
She knows Jae Gyeong's style.
She has a deep grudge against Jae Gyeong.
Na Eun Se.
It was you.
You killed me.
You should've found somewhere nicer.
I'll pay more, so move out.
With your slush money?
Jae Gyeong will lock you up again.
This place is tiny. There isn't even a corner to cry in.
You always hid in corners and swallowed your tears.
The kitchen, the wine cellar, the garage...
All because of evil Jae Gyeong...
You had a part in it too.
I'm sorry.
I was a lousy person.
I don't know why I was so immature.
You say that like you're mature now.
I'm not mature.
But I'm good for something.
- What's that? - See?
I get things done.
With this, Taeha can't take the hydrogen deal, huh?
The side deal puts Taeha at risk.
Na Byeong Mo won't even blink.
It'll only drag Choiseong into a contract scandal.
Still...
Jae Seong is right.
This doesn't prove Jae Gyeong is the killer.
What about the tipster?
Well, that's...
I'm supposed to be malnourished, so my hands are weak.
Be careful.
I'll find you something to change into.
What are you doing?
Don't tell her anything. Not until we're sure.
What do you take me for?
I was going to make something up.
No, you were dying to tell her.
- Hide! - What?
Hide!
What now?
- What? - Jae Gyeong's lackey is here.
That bastard...
Where's he been crawling around?
Who did he betray this time?
He must have some kind of plan. It's not betrayal.
Betrayal is hard the first time. After that, it's easy.
- Speaking from experience? - Hey.
- Will this work? - Nice pants.
Totally my style.
Jun Hyeon definitely sided with Taeha. Want to bet?
Bet on that? How childish.
Let's find out ourselves.
Bread this late?
Bang Geul just dropped it off.
Have some.
- She was here? - Yeah.
Please insert a memory card.
He's thorough.
Grandma.
It's soft and fluffy, right?
I haven't tried it yet.
It's even better with milk.
It's good.
Oh, it's trash day today.
I'll take it out.
Taking out trash is my hobby.
He's thorough.
My gosh.
You scared me.
Were you going to leave me out?
What are you doing?
Come have some pancakes.
I'm not eating.
Why not? They're so good.
Come on out.
Come on.
You must be hungry by now. Eat first.
You'll be surprised how good they are.
[No Search History]
Grandma, I brought groceries.
Good work.
Jun Hyeon, help her carry those.
Thank you.
Over here.
I was just taking a selfie.
Just a selfie...
Replace the Chemicals DX Team's laptops first, then move on to Talent Acquisition.
They have interviews this afternoon, so support them too.
What's wrong with you two?
Jun Hyeon is up to something, but I have no way to find out.
I can't take this anymore.
I'll handle it...
- Hey! - Is this the resignation letter?
The one Jun Hyeon's been dying to get?
"Dear Jun Hyeon..."
"When I first saw you, I knew everything I'd been through had led me to..."
It's a letter that'll move his heart.
I rewrote it ten times.
After all we've been through, do you think he's fine right now?
He isn't that bad.
No, he's totally cold-blooded.
So ruthless.
Kind of like my dad.
Bang Geul.
Chairman Kang cared about you a lot.
He just couldn't show it.
He was busy with work. I don't resent him.
I mean it.
When he heard you were being bullied,
He skipped the Daesan Hydrogen Complex opening he'd waited years for and flew to the U.S.
- Really? - Yes.
He made those kids cry their eyes out.
He even made them sign that they'd never bully you again.
He was still so angry after that.
So that's why they suddenly changed.
Then why did he leave without seeing me?
He was afraid he'd lose his nerve.
He couldn't leave you there if he saw you.
And if he brought you back, Jae Gyeong would've tormented you again.
So he held back.
He knew everything?
He was always sorry he couldn't do more for you.
He thought he was protecting you.
Not because he didn't love you.
If he was going to leave like this...
Why didn't he say anything?
He always seemed so strict.
He was just a dad too.
Why are you crying too?
Coffee's on me.
Iced Americano for you. Iced latte for you, right?
- Right. - Take a break.
From the cafe out front.
Extra syrup too, please.
Mom?
Bring the bean sprouts when you're done.
Yes, coming.
Jun Hyeon has a business trip today.
Business trip? Where?
Well... Grandma forgot.
She said it was somewhere Dae...
"Dae?"
Daesan Hydrogen Complex?
You didn't have to come all the way here.
Chairman Na hates surprises.
Sounds like you're the one who doubts me.
Can you really take it?
I'll cut the CCTV, then set off the fire alarm.
Five minutes before the fire trucks arrive.
I'll take it then. Just wait.
And don't worry.
If you're that suspicious, come in with me.
Not again...
He's dead.
[Lee Sang Jae]
- I said I'd call when... - Bang Geul is there!
What?
Mrs. Jo told her. She knows you contacted Taeha too.
I think Bang Geul found something out.
What are you talking...
What the hell are you doing?
Kang Bang Geul...
Are you really betraying Jae Gyeong?
Did you side with Taeha?
I told you to stay out of this.
Why are you here?
What the hell... Are you insane?
Witnesses must be dealt with.
Bang Geul!
Wake up! Are you okay?
Jun Hyeon!
Jun Hyeon...
Bang Geul, are you okay?
Sir...
I'm okay.
We're at the Daesan Hydrogen Complex.
You should've gone to America.
You wanted to run. So why did you stay?
My sweet daughter... Why did I never really see you?
Even when I pushed you away, you kept smiling at me...
Wake up. Bang Geul!
Open your eyes!
Can't you hear Dad?
You're still here.
Jae Seong.
This is your last chance.
Do everything you can.
Got it.
Father.
Please.
Hold on just a little longer.
Save me!
Is anyone there?
I'm trapped in here!
I'm Hwang Jun Hyeon!
You're in on my revenge.
So stick with me.
We found the original footage.
Let's show the world Na Byeong Mo's filth.
We have proof of the real killer.
Call the prosecutors. The police too.
If you don't want to be on the news, arrest him now.
Want a fight?
You think my father will sit back?
Get rid of him. Make sure he's gone.
You even had someone killed. Impressive.
Should we take all of Taeha?
Can I say what I want now?
My final target is Kang Jae Gyeong.